init of meeting notes (#2)
screwdriver-cd/community: meetings/README.md

## Screwdriver Minutes

A collection of meeting minutes and notes from [Screwdriver](https://screwdriver.cd) teams.

> We adopt the meeting format from [emberjs-core-notes](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes), thank you Ember Team!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have adopted the meeting format from [emberjs-core-notes](https://github.com/emberjs/core-notes); thank you Ember Team! 🎉 👏 
```
